# Scrum Meeting 3
Prepared by: Steven Mao  
Meeting Date: 2023-04-05

## Meeting Attendees
    - Steven Mao
	- Shreeman Kuppa Jayaram
	- Kevin Dai
	- Sloan Davis
	- Huy Lai

## Meeting Agenda Items
    - Discuss any blockers a team member may have.
    - Discuss our progress in the project
    - Ensured backlogs are up to date
    - Discuss future moves
  
## Status Update Since Last Meeting
### Accomplishments
    - Customer page makes the orders
    - Navigational button for the customer pages.
    - Graphical User Interface for the Login page was altered
    - Graphical User Interface for the Checkout Pannel was altered


### Tasks Completed

| Task Description                                             | Assigned to   | Completed? (yes/no) |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- | ------------------- |
| Customer page makes the orders                               | Sloan         | yes                 |
| Navigational button for the customer pages.                  | Huy, Shreeman | yes                 |
| Graphical User Interface for the Login page was altered      | Steven        | yes                 |
| Graphical User Interface for the Checkout Pannel was altered | Kevin         | yes                 |

## Before The Next Meeting
### Plans
    - Allow customers to order using the customer view
    - Navigate between routes

### Task Assignments
| Task Description                                                                                     | Assigned to |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| Add consistent text styling for title and menu item names                                            |             |
| Add checkout cart page for user to add and remove items, confirm their order, and cancel their order |             |
| Add OpenWeather API to GUI                                                                           |             |
| Add customer name on the checkout button and integrate into backend tables                           |             |
| Add the price under each menu item                                                                   |             |
| Add custom image for newly added menu items dynamically                                              |             |
| Connect OAuth                                                                                        |             |

## Minutes from Previous Meeting
We started the meeting discussing our progress in the project which we collectively agreed that we are in a pretty good spot. We have made significant progress in our POS and will continue to do so. Next, we discussed any blockers we may have. For the most part, our struggles with React have diminished. It’s not completely gone, there are some things we needed to figure out, but it’s getting there. Our main problem right now is making an Order persist across different routes. We plan to solve this before the end of the sprint. We also talked about the backlogs and made sure it is up to date with the correct times and items completed. 
